hey wassup guys that played a game
central this is reloads and welcome to
an early introduction video now you may
wonder what why is he saying we
abduction I've never heard of this guy
before well well well well my dear
played a game friend if you have not
been around for a while you may not
remember me but I used to be a director
and played a game I was I joined a
couple of months I think before the
player game Co channel which was the
very first main hub that central took
the place of my daughter I was a
directive before that got shut down and
that was on have a freaking really old
channel to play the game FPS how I
started on their dozen done some stuff
in there for a while and then in
directors didn't upload stuff to it it
was Lee it was literally my own channel
again and I was just running two
channels on my own and so that the kind
people who play games like fuck it come
to co bitch and fucking do stuff for us
and so I was like yeah sure why not so
yeah I've been a director on played a
game home I'll play a game Cowen's
antral and all that good stuff before
but due to reasons which I shall not go
into I had to leave and I haven't been a
director I think I left early this year
maybe maybe like a month or two or five
into this month and um yeah that's that
what if you've been around for no since
Black Hawk point down low you may not
remember me if you do then you are
beautiful and hello again it's really
good to be back to make and play games
and play the game videos it's a
I've missed it dirt it's it's a
brilliant but I'm um unfortunately I'm
not gonna say after long i'm currently
at the bunker helping out with some
origin stoof they asked me if i want to
come down and help them with that and
obviously i said yes and so I'm here
helping out doing whatever I can help it
out with Easter egg hunting and video
making I've already done one video it's
a perk guide thing that might be going
up I think this'll be going up before
that because obviously got a dude
reintroduction before I secured a video
stuff so i'll be coming out soon and as
well as that i'm just doing random
videos that you know i can do um yeah
i've been here for a long enough to
solve get used to the things earlier and
fucking hell are they organized is here
I came in there was a fucking white
board with each of the people's names on
a who's here and it was like videos
you're doing this this and this and then
we're doing this I'm just not yet like
if you do know me you know that you know
I kind of do whatever the hell I want
like obviously I I predominately do
upload cool jury and stuff but I try not
to make that my only thing because I
know baby do the same thing over and
over again it can get slightly boring
unless you're good at what you do and if
but you know I don't yeah and yeah I
also do get bored myself playing it and
dip like it I feel like if i get bored
playing something you'll get bored
watching it and rep repair and so I'm
not used to sort of having a strict you
do this I'm like you know what I feel
like doing this game today I'm gonna
upload this game and it's just fucking
random indie game I found and I just
decided to record at the last minute and
have no
I don't want to imply that is basically
the story of my life not being organized
push it and yeah this is just I just
been told to do this just because since
I was last director and uploaded videos
we've had a lot more people subscribe to
this channel and even though I haven't
been uploading videos and stuff I have
been around for example if you're on the
UM the forums our player game Co you may
realize that I'm the sort of person in
the shadows just sort of leaking and not
leaking I'm leaking bodily fluids to
solve lurking that's why I meant to say
lurking in the shadows and I do talk
every now and then like I'm on there I'm
watching the chat just sometimes I'm too
busy to actually start conversation and
sort of continue watching it like I'm
always doing something and I just all
forget about it so there's just people
talking to me and I'm just don't reply
so they're just talking to themselves
and I feel really bad but um you know if
someone like sends me a private message
or something I always hear it and I
respond to it at some point and and yeah
so I'm i mean is everything thanks for
watching hope you've enjoyed if you have
enjoyed it then by own mensch give me I
like it's always much appreciated and
yeah i'm looking forward to posting
videos again for play the game hopefully
you're enjoying the content of what
we've brought out so far at the time of
recording with browse and it seemed so
people enjoyed it it's pretty cool smash
and I speak to you and any future videos
which I will inevitably be bringing out
thank you again for watching please
subscribe to play the game central for
all of your origins content fixes and I
should beat you later thank you again
for watching
it's goodbye